Add spellcheck to documentation (#4628)
OpenMage/magento-lts: .github/SECURITY.md

To report a vulnerability, please *DO NOT* open a public Issue or Pull Request.

> Please email your security vulnerability report to security@openmage.org along with your GitHub user name so that once we create a security advisory you may be added to it as a collaborator for further review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please email your security vulnerability report to security@openmage.org along with your GitHub username so that once we create a security advisory you may be added to it as a collaborator for further review.
```
